I can't think this fast
alright so the other day I was walking
down the street and then I see this
really hot ass girl just like standing
there you know and I was like oh damn
you're fun I gotta talk to you so I was
like yo bitch what's up she's like oh my
god like I just got mugged and my house
got burned down and my babies in there
so like I quickly like smack her to the
ground because she's just in my way so I
run I run it to the house I see the baby
just like sitting there and there's just
like this dude just like chillin over
the baby and I'm like hey asshole this
be my girl he was like what you go to do
about it huh and I'm like that I punch
him in the face and I like hit him so
hard I punch a hole through his skull no
telling story but so I don't know right
punch a hole in this guy's face I saved
the baby and I take the the lady friend
of mine lady fan home to my place where
we have glorious sex for the whole night
and we made like five more babies or
look oh he's grand whirl up
ok now go am let's go on crazy oh yeah
Calipari ok is on Tontons right here we
all know hunters come friend this guys
doing yeah died but I guess I kill my
epic story yeah all the story nice
fucking story for us um I believe I do
have a story for you guys so did I ever
tell you about the time that I had to
punch a cop in the face so it was a last
Queens knight in Holland and that's when
everyone just goes out of the streets it
just gets completely belligerently drunk
and just fucks with everything so me and
my friend thought it would be a good
idea to see how much shit we could steal
from cops so I go up to this one cop and
I like steal his hat and I start running
away and out of nowhere this like big
huge black cop comes in like
clotheslines me to the ground so i'm
laying there like fuck that really hurt
not I get up and I kick him in the nuts
and then I turned around and there's
another cop and I'm like oh bug so I
punched him hit a punch him in the face
that I'm running down the street then
there's like 50 of them but one of them
was really hot so I look at her and I'm
like I'm gonna save you for later so I
beat up all the other cops and then I go
up to the other cop and the hot one and
I'm just like yo so you're really hot
and I just be it up all your friends we
should like fuck sometime she's like all
right that sounds good with me like
you're awesome so naturally you know
instead of taking her back to my place I
took her to the prison cell and right in
the middle of all the prisoners I took
her and she loved it and all the
prisoners were yelling and screaming
just because I was so good ok
sorry I die fuck in now planning coming
Charles down all your road yeah I'm like
lighting freaking north go go for us oh
that's Road key laptop wont kill a nice
to see the shit out of that one big nice
high five look like
would you make some food and their
portal we know that yeah not your bus if
you need it and it ends up in a poopy to
imagine something like me and we are
fighting rest well oh you guys got it as
well that you click on the footer that
you just can't find the food I told you
know what you just SAT there your hike
from JP gas it doesn't it doesn't even
fuck you make sense yeah ah Africa yeah
man yeah it's fucked up JM want to go
for the wall okay uh warlock or dunga
just go for a long wall okay show you
the peloton okay Russian guys hey go go
go ah fucked up control the small okay
I'm getting one shot it
good switch okay switched k i'm down as
well planning our talents in Vienna holy
shit so much damage with only for dps
not only for yeah I mean about the five
smoke bomb to decay right dkl go hunter
um black planning a buddy
I removing it gone valid Rue de Cielo as
well and even met yet getting a wrist
out there I stand the top the music
really really love my word I fear nice
scatter telephone for guys when i'm
gonna puncture stone oh no it's not what
i faint or make it off I de parfum you
yeah the ulus just go go like I died in
buttery seconds but there were only
three DPSS good job guys I'll kill this
true before it's gonna rest haha look I
need to fix my bars because it's just
walking away that's drying
let's go good night good job guys